My name is Karen Lin. I am 32 years old. I am running for school trustee in the upcoming municipal election in Mississauga. 
The issues confronting school trustees have a major impact on our youth. Ward 5 is the most diverse area in Mississauga. Yet these issues are seldomly discussed in a public forum such as INSERT URDU NEWS PAPER NAME.

We are used to hearing about the challenges confronting politicians at municipal, provincial and federal levels, but 
school boards also tackle important and significant questions that would be of interest to your readers

I have long devoted my time and energy to advancing education, reducing poverty and raising the minimum wage in my community. 
Some of the work I have done recently

        Youth Un(der) Employment Campaign with Premier Kathleen Wynne.
        Raise The Minimum Wage and End Poverty in Ontario Campaign
        International Women's Day Rally To End Poverty and Violence against Women.


I also have a lot of political experience by working as a field organizer and scrutineer for different MPPs and MPs campaign. I am taking on the 72 year old incumbent who does not live in the Ward. When Mississauga News asked him what he would like to improve 
for Ward 5 schools, his response was "Absolutely Nothing, I am happy with everything"

I believe it is time for change. Ward 5 needs someone passionate, experienced, local and better. Increasing poverty rate and high youth unemployment are the problems facing Mississauga today. Yet no candidate from any level has even talked about these two issues.  My platform offers solutions to alleviate these problems. I would very much appreciate the opportunity to go on air and  talk to you about my campaign and platform.

Municipal election is more than city councils. It is education for millions of our young people. Youth engagement is important. Youth engagement is how we will implement change in this part of the city. I hope INSERT URDU PAPER NAME will consider devoting time to trustee issues in addition to the council issues you regularly discuss during municipal election.

This is my campaign web site : http://Karen4Trustee.com

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact me. 