Brian Kresge (D), Manheim, is announcing his candidacy for the 37th District Pennsylvania House of Representatives, which includes several communities across northern Lancaster County. The office is currently held by incumbent Representative Mindy Fee.
 
Kresge is a Lancaster County native and graduate of J.P. McCaskey High School. He served in the United States Army as an infantryman from 1994-1999 with the vaunted Rakkasans of the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), and the 1st Battalion, 501st Parachute Infantry Regiment at Fort Richardson, Alaska. He served from 1999-2001 and 2005-2011 with the Pennsylvania Army National Guard’s 28th Infantry Division in the 104th Long Range Surveillance Detachment and the 2nd Battalion, 112th Infantry of the 56th Stryker Brigade. He remains extremely proud of his service as a paratrooper, earning American, British, and Thailand parachute wings, and his fondest deployment was to New Orleans in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
 
Kresge used his GI bene?ts for college, and works as a Senior Application Developer with a Lancaster accounting and IT services ?rm. He is also an author. Kresge serves as a Mentor Team Leader with the Lancaster County Veterans Court and volunteers as a lay leader with a Jewish prison and military outreach program. He is a member of the Jewish War Veterans, Lions Club International, the Sierra Club, and is a lifetime associate member of Hadassah.
 
Brian, his wife Leah (recently elected to Manheim Central School Board), and daughter Amelia are all members of Congregation Shaarai Shomayim in Lancaster, where he serves on the Board of Trustees, the Tikkun Olam (social justice) Committee, and chairs the Tech Committee.
 
Kresge commented, “Northern Lancaster County is a wonderful place to live and work, but we have our task cut out for us as we work to restore jobs and public education funding savaged by Governor Corbett and Republican allies in the General  Assembly. I intend to bring my passion and my strong leadership and business backgrounds so that we can put the Commonwealth back on the path to prosperity.”
Elect Brian Kresge 78 S Grant Street Manheim, PA 17545 T 717-431-8399 C 267-973-4679 www.briankresge.com info@briankresge.com