Official Press Release Announcing Candidacy

Andrea Leigh McGee is pleased to announce her candidacy for the United States House of Representatives, in the 22nd District of the State of Florida, as a Republican.

“It is a sad, sad reality when our political parties dislike each other so much that our country grinds to a halt. It seems to be the red elephants vs. the blue donkeys not only in D.C., but also in politics across the nation and our country has become divided. I believe in a renewed Republican Party that speaks to what my generation wants and cares about: common sense spending and policies, a simplified government and social tolerance. I consider myself to be a “White Elephant”; I am a Republican that believes that responsibility and freedom needs to reach across the political, economic and social spectrums. I believe in the free market system with minimal regulation and that lower taxes lead to higher revenues. I believe in speaking softly and carrying a big stick to ensure our continued independence and position as a top world power. I believe that the ability to make and take responsibility for your own life choices, while having respect for others, is the ultimate exercise of freedom. I believe in a return to etiquette and civility in society and more importantly politics.”

Her unique background and collection of life experiences lead Andrea to her current endeavor, U.S. Congress. Miss McGee believes, “We need fresh eyes. It was in the original design of the Constitution for the United States Congress to be a group of people with a mix of experiences to draw from combined with the passion to make things better for all Americans, and who haven’t had their vision distorted by being in the political bubble for too long.”

Miss McGee grew up in Fort Lauderdale and Pompano Beach, FL. As the daughter of Atlanta born attorney C. Edward McGee, Jr. and Moka McGee, a real estate agent who emigrated from Aruba in 1965, she was raised with strong independent and entrepreneurial values.

She matriculated through Saint Coleman Catholic School and Cardinal Gibbons High School. In 2001, she attended the University of Miami where she graduated in 2005 with a Bachelor’s degree from the School of Communications, majoring in Motion Picture Production and Political Science, and was a founding sister of the Gamma Delta chapter of Alpha Delta Pi.

After graduating, Miss McGee moved to Los Angeles where she worked as an On- Set Production Assistant in both film and television. Her desire to be a producer led Andrea to pursue a more traditional and formal employment experience in Washington, D.C. where she worked in Commercial Real Estate Acquisitions and Development as a Project Assistant with Monument Realty. After the real estate crash in 2008, Miss McGee returned to Florida to attend graduate school at the University of Miami.

In 2012, Miss McGee launched her entertainment and art company, Drunken Mermaid, Inc., which produces independent films and live events, as well as home décor and art (including re-imagined liquor bottle candles). She also works as a local Real Estate Agent with DeBianchi Real Estate and as a Production Runner for Concert Venues in the tri-county area.

Miss McGee believes in the importance of being socially active. She is active with a number of charitable and networking organizations, including the “Cystic Fibrosis Jeb Bush Classic Beach Bash” Committee, Emerge Broward, SurfRider Foundation and currently sits on the Board of Directors for the Gold Coast Jazz Society. She and her sister, Lauren McGee, are founders of The Mermaid Bowl, a beach powder puff football game that annually raises money to donate to charities and will celebrate its fifth year in the summer of 2014.

The 22nd District runs the east coast of Broward and Palm Beach counties as well as stretching west into Plantation and Boca.

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE, 11/18/2013

CONTACT:
Campaign Treasurer
C. Edward McGee, Jr., Esq.
954-563-8200
emcgee@mcgeehuskey.com
