
1) Making Students Job Ready



2) Improve Math and Literacy
3) Building stronger ties among parents, teachers and students
4) Establish a Diversity Task Force Team

My name is Karen Lin. I am a passionate activist with a commitment to serve all the students and parents in Ward 5. I am running for Public School Trustee in Ward 5 in this coming election.

For the first time in 16 years, change is coming to Ward 5. If you don’t like what you are getting out of our public school system, vote for me on Oct 27.

Our public school system is at risk today with cut backs and higher than ever drop-out rates. Students in the Peel District Board have had sub-standard test scores than those in Toronto. Too many students have fallen through the crack either because of lack of support from the school system or busy parents trying to make ends meet. This is especially true among immigrants’ families. But it doesn’t have to be this way.

Ward 5 is home to some of the largest businesses in the country, yet our schools have suffered unnecessary cut back and the result of our education has deteriorated. I have tutored and helped students for the past 2 years in my community. It worries and scares me to see how far behind these kids are with their math, science and reading skills.

I want to expand the co-op program. In today’s tough economic time, far too many students are being funneled into academic programs when more practical training to make them job-ready is required. I believe this will be an immensely popular initiative which students, parents and teachers support. Two of the biggest problems facing us today are high YOUTH Unemployment and increasing poverty rate. Yet no school trustee candidate is making these issues a priority. This has a direct impact on the mental health of our growing youth and on our economic future.

If elected, I want to change the dynamics between our teachers and parents. I have already established a good trust level through my union association with the teachers. This will make communication with teachers much easier. I will be a great liaison and problem solver among teachers, parents and students.

I want to create an after school program for those students who are lagging behind in math and reading hence improving our OSSLT and EQAO scores. In addition to that, I want to fight for funding to purchase more EBooks, E-Readers and tablets in our school libraries.

The more time our students spend in the libraries, the more successful they will be at school. I am a long time Mississauga resident. I love this city. Together, we can make it better. Vote for me on Oct 27; Vote for a Better Future for Your Kids.
