Why do/did you want to become a school board trustee? What experience
do you bring to the role? How will you balance the time and effort you
devote to being a trustee with other commitments you may have?

What two things must we get right in education over the next decade?

What is the biggest challenge schools in our community currently
face?

What are our schools getting right these days? Where do you see room
for improvement?

What is the single greatest impact you plan to make for students?

What are your top three priorities?

How much access do you think the public should have to their school
board trustees?

What sort of relationship do you think a trustee should have with the
board’s senior leadership (i.e. the director and superintendent of the
board)? 

How will this help you in your role of responding to concerns
raised by parents and other members of the community?

What sort of relationship do you think a trustee should have with the
municipal government?

What education issues do you see as problematic now? How will you
work to address them?

What is your position on standardized testing in schools? 

How will you support student mental health and well-being in schools?

What do you see as some key issues for labour relations in the education
environment?

What do you see as the role of schools in being responsive to diverse
communities and ensuring equity and inclusion in schools?

With child care programs increasingly integrated into school settings,
how do you see the role of the trustee in building the positive
relationships needed to promote successful programs?

What are your views on French language education in schools?

Can you comment on what schools need to support the full range of
student abilities including students with special needs?

What do you see as the role of schools in making sure that all Canadian
students understand Canada’s history in terms of First Nation, Métis
and Inuit peoples?

What should schools be doing to contribute to the overall health of the
student population?

What are your views on the role of technology in teaching and learning?

What are schools doing, or what more should schools be doing to be
safe and inclusive places for students, e.g. with regard to anti-bullying